ADINA: He's creating a virus
that will slaughter our people.
You can stop it from happening.
How?
You have to kill him.
She shares some of the same mutations...
as the aliens.
EMILY: It feels like
they're inside my head.
Emily?
-(GRUNTS)
-(GROANING)
I'm looking for someone.
Professor Bill Ward.
This will terminate
the pregnancy in the first ten weeks.
Have you told Nathan?
No. It's better if he never knows.
No!
Come.
(IN FRENCH) This is the building.
SOPHIA: How do we find
this Professor Bill Ward?
CATHERINE: We have to assume
he's some kind of scientist.
(IN ENGLISH) Well, you said that
if you had a live alien,
you could start testing the virus.
Seems to me like you've got one.
I'm sorry.
-(EMILY BREATHING SHAKILY)
-(TAPPING SYRINGE)
(SYRINGE JABBING)
What's wrong with me?
I-I don't know.
Maybe you contracted
something on the ship.
I'll check in on you later. Okay?
-(BABY CRYING)
-(MAN AND WOMAN SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY)
SARAH: We just wanna see her.
ZOE: I'm sorry. That isn't possible.
SARAH: She's our daughter.
God, a few minutes.
That's all we're asking.
Bill, she's refusing
to let us see Emily.
Well, it might be for the best, Sarah,
until we figure out what's going on.
-Have you seen her?
-Yes.
-How is she?
-She's... She's okay.
What are you gonna do with her?
We'll hold her until
we're sure she isn't a threat.
We'll leave. We'll take her away.
You won't ever see us again.
I swear to God.
-I'm sorry. That's not an option.
-JONATHAN: Why? Just let us take her.
She... She did try to kill me.
-Why would she do that?
-I don't know.
-Some kind of brainwashing maybe.
-We don't know what they did to her.
It's as much for
her protection as anyone's.
-I just wanna see her. Please.
-I'm sorry.
You have no idea
what it means to be a parent.
I'm trying to keep you
and your family alive.
Let's just figure out
what's best for Emily.
I'll take great care of her. I promise.
ZOE: Has the virus taken hold yet?
She's getting sick.
It's beginning to work.
How soon until we know for sure?
When her organs begin shutting down.
She's gonna need insulin.
I'll send Alex out to try and find some.
Okay.
(GROANING SOFTLY)
(CROW CAWING)
-(IN FRENCH) Where did you find this?
-NATHAN: In the foyer.
Thank you.
She hasn't really said anything
about the Colonel.
(PAGES RUSTLING)
Yeah.
This is how she deals with things.
She works.
It was the same when our parents died.
She buried her head in books.
And you?
What did you do?
I broke things and I punched people.
When I was older,
I had a lot of sex
and did a lot of drugs.
(IN ENGLISH) Yeah.
(IN FRENCH) What will you do
now you have lost Theo?
I won't become that person again.
(DOOR CREAKS)
(WHISPERING) Kariem, watch the exit.
Keep an eye.
(METAL CLANGING IN DISTANCE)
(CLANGING CONTINUES)
Wait here.
(BREATHING SHAKILY)
Check the cupboards for insulin.
(CLANGING CONTINUES)
(CLANGING GROWING LOUDER)
(BREATHING SHAKILY)
(CLANGING CONTINUES)
(CLANGING GROWS LOUDER)
(RUSTLING)
(BREATHING SHAKILY)
(RUSTLING CONTINUES)
(LOUD RUSTLING)
Scarlet?
Did you get it?
What?
-We lost someone.
-Who?
A girl. Scarlet.
They took her.
-Why would they take her?
-I don't know.
(BILL SIGHS)
How's Emily?
In and out of consciousness,
getting weaker all the time.
The insulin will make her better?
We have to see how the virus progresses
before we give it to her.
We have to let her get really sick.
(SIGHS)
I know this is hard for you.
I had to look into Sarah's eyes
and lie
about what I'm doing to her daughter.
(SIGHS)
The virus is our only chance
of defeating them.
I can put a gun to your head
and make you do it.
-And then you can blame me.
-What age are you?
-28.
-Jesus.
You don't need to put a gun to my head.
SOPHIA: (IN FRENCH)
Perhaps you should take a break?
I'm fine.
You are so not fine.
Catherine.
-Stop.
-Why?
(PAGES RUSTLING)
It's okay to be upset, to cry...
Why is everyone so obsessed with crying?
Like if you sit around
crying all the time
it makes you a better person.
It achieves nothing.
You cry if you want to.
Okay.
CATHERINE: Sophia. Sophia. Sophia.
-I found him.
-Jesus.
He's a professor of Neurogenetics at
the University of London.
Don't do that to me.
(EXHALES)
(SIGHS)
CATHERINE: We head towards Lyon...
... then Dijon, north to Troyes ...
... Reims, Arras...
... then to Calais.
When we're through the Channel Tunnel,
it's about a hundred kilometres
to London.
You can't be sure he's even alive?
The guy at the observatory,
he told me he was alive.
He said he had to be.
You want to risk our lives on the
word of a half dead alien?
Why would he lie?
Maybe he wasn't lying.
Maybe he's just wrong.
Maybe he was out of his mind.
You don't know.
I believed him.
It's hundreds of kilometres.
It's too dangerous.
You think it's safe here?
They came to the observatory
and killed everyone.
They killed them...
Catherine.
He said that we could change everything.
That it wasn't too late...
What does that even mean?
I don't know.
I think the answers are in here.
This is crazy.
What do you want to do? You're so smart.
Maybe you want to wander
around with your rifle shooting them...
... until you have no bullets left
and then they kill us.
That's a great plan, genius.
I want to keep you and Sophia safe.
Maybe the best way to do that
is to go to London,
...and find this guy and
actually try and do something!
You're too stupid to see that!
(FOOTSTEPS RECEDING)
She needs this.
You want to risk your life
because she needs it?
Maybe.
Yes. It's better than
risking your life for nothing.
He's creating a virus
that will slaughter our people.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
EMILY: Virus.
You infected me.
-You're going to kill them.
-They're gonna wipe us out.
This is our only opportunity
to defeat them.
Your wife wouldn't have wanted you
to hurt me.
Helen's dead.
And you did nothing to stop it.
I tried.
-It won't bring her back.
-You think I don't know that?
-I made her a promise.
-You know it's wrong.
You tried to kill me.
Why don't you come down
off your high horse?
(DOOR OPENS)
(DOOR CLOSES)
(IN FRENCH) Okay. We'll go to London...
... and try and find this professor guy.
Really?
Yes.
Thank you.
You're not the only one
who's lost someone.
You don't have to be a bitch about it.
(SIGHS SOFTLY)
(TUGGING)
(CATHERINE GRUNTS)
Give me the backpack!
(GRUNTING)
(ZIPPER OPENS)
I'm sorry.
(SHUSHING)
(ENGINE RUNNING)
CATHERINE: It's a car.
Stay here.
(ENGINE RUNNING)
Shit.
Open the door!
(MAN COUGHS)
Come on!
(COUGHS)
(ENGINE TURNS OFF)
SOPHIA: Is he dead?
(SCARLET BREATHING SHAKILY)
(PANTING)
(WHIMPERS)
Hold this, hold this.
-(WHIMPERING)
-Medic.
Just breathe.
(WHIMPERING)
Why did they take you?
(SOBBING)
-Bill.
-What about him?
They wanted to
know if he was still alive.
-Why?
-I don't know.
My stomach...
(CRYING)
WOMAN: It's okay, it's okay.
It's all right.
MAN: What is that?
SCARLET: They drugged me.
Okay.
(SCARLET CRYING)
WOMAN: I know, I know.
MAN: There's something in there.
-SCARLET: What is it?
-We need to cut you open.
What? No.
-Scissors.
-No, please. No. I don't wanna die.
-No. Please.
-It's okay.
It's okay.
-(SCARLET SCREAMS)
-WOMAN: I know.
It's okay. I know.
SCARLET: Stop. No. Stop, please.
MAN: You're all right.
It's some kind of metallic object.
(SCARLET SOBBING)
-Shit.
-(EXPLOSION)
(HIGH-PITCHED RINGING)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(DISTORTED SHOUTING)
-(COUGHING)
-(DISTORTED SHOUTING CONTINUES)
ZOE: Bill.
BILL: The virus.
It's in the lab.
Emily.
(GUNSHOT)
ZOE: Where are you going?
-(GUNSHOT)
-(GRUNTS)
(DOOR KNOB RATTLING)
-(BILL COUGHING)
-(KEYS JINGLING)
Open.
Come on.
You're okay, we've got you. Let's go.
-(GUNFIRE CONTINUES)
-(INDISTINCT SHOUTING)
Jesus...
Christ.
Emily?
-Is she okay? Is she okay?
-I don't know.
-(MAN SCREAMS)
-(WOMAN SCREAMS)
Go. Go. Go.
(WOMAN SHOUTS)
Go.
(BILL COUGHING)
(GUNSHOT)
(WHIMPERING)
ADINA: Did you find Bill Ward?
ISLA: We checked all the bodies.
He must have escaped.
-And Emily?
-No.
(CATHERINE SOBBING)
(SOBBING CONTINUES)
(CONTINUES SOBBING)
(IN FRENCH) Are you okay?
(SOBS)
What's wrong?
They killed...
...the only man I've ever loved.
I don't know how I'm supposed to feel...
I don't know what to do...
You feel like you want the world to end.
Huh?
What can I do?
Nothing.
All you can do is cry.
(SOBBING)
JONATHAN: Is she okay? Are you okay?
SARAH: Em?
EMILY: I'm really cold.
-Cold.
-SARAH: What's wrong?
(EMILY BREATHING HEAVILY)
Tell them.
Tell them what you did to me.
What's she talking about?
-Tell them.
-What did you do?
(EMILY SHUDDERING)
Sarah...
Emily shares some of the same
genetic mutations as... as them.
I needed a live subject.
-For what?
-To develop a virus.
-A biological weapon.
-You made her sick?
-You sick fuck...
-Whoa, whoa, whoa...
How could you do that?
BILL: I didn't have a choice.
They're going to wipe us out.
I had to do something. I did it for you.
I did it for Tom.
I did it for everybody.
Fuck you, Bill!
Mum, don't.
SARAH: (SOBBING)
You experimented on my daughter.
You don't understand, Sarah.
I had to do something.
I trusted you.
-Sarah.
-I thought you were my friend.
-Come on, shoot him. Come on.
-Sarah.
How would you feel
if someone did that to Helen?
Huh?
-Or Dan?
-At least they'd still be alive.
Sarah.
This is insulin.
It'll make her better.
If you ever touch my daughter again,
I will kill you.
You okay?
You need to be somewhere else.
CATHERINE: (IN FRENCH) Thank you.
We found you in your car.
You should have left me.
You've lost people?
My whole family...
My daughters were in Lille
during the attack.
They never made it home.
My wife was killed
about three months ago.
Those things.
My son died last week.
The ones that look like us...
We thought they were human.
We didn't know.
They shot him.
I'm sorry.
(SIGHS)
There didn't seem any point carrying on.
(DOOR OPENING)
CATHERINE: It's okay. They're with me.
(DOOR CLOSES)
This is my sister, Sophia.
And this is Nathan. Victor.
-Hi.
-Hello.
Hello.
You want some wine?
Yes, thank you.
You okay?
You've been crying?
So have you asked him yet?
What?
Whether we can take his car?
Sophia.
How did you get it working?
Old cars have less electrical circuits.
They can be repaired.
We need to get to London.
What's in London?
Him.
JONATHAN: Hey, found some lamps.
-Where's Sacha?
-He's with Emily. Hey.
What is this thing between them?
I've heard the creatures won't hurt her,
just like they won't hurt Sacha.
-Why is it just them?
-I don't know.
The things I see,
you see them too?
I thought I was going crazy.
Maybe we both are.
All the time we were searching,
I knew I had to find you.
When I saw you,
I couldn't believe it was you.
JONATHAN: Hey.
EMILY: Hey.
Why don't you go
and give your mum a hand,
see if you can find some stuff
to make some beds?
I want to stay with her.
JONATHAN: I think your mum
would really like it if you helped her.
Go on. I've got this.
How are you feeling?
Better.
It's some snacks. Chocolate, crisps.
(STATIC CRACKLING ON RADIO)
ZOE: Is anyone out there?
(STATIC CRACKLING)
Can anyone hear me?
(STATIC CONTINUES)
Here's some food.
I'll see if I can find some painkillers.
We lost the virus.
It's in Emily. It's in her blood.
We can still defeat them.
EMILY: You can't sleep either?
Why's this happening to us?
I don't know.
I'm glad you're here.
It makes me feel better.
-Probably sounds stupid.
-No.
Emily, I feel like I know you.
It's so strange.
-It scares you?
-No.
No one else understands.
We have each other now.
Hmm.
(IN FRENCH) You can take my car.
You should come with us.
I think I'll stay.
So you can blow your brains out
with a shotgun?
Are you religious?
No.
I had faith.
I believed there was a God.
Even as my family died, I prayed.
I prayed...
... until there was no-one left
to pray for.
What kind of God would let this happen?
You're asking the wrong person.
I'm a scientist.
But now you're risking your life
to go to London...
for reasons you don't
fully understand...
because a man told you
he believed something?
That's an act of faith.
Maybe we all need a little faith now.
Come with us.
Maybe this is all part of God's plan.
You don't believe that.
You just don't want me to kill myself.
True.
I think that's a pretty good reason.
Come with us.
Please.
I'm so sorry about Theo.
How you were with him.
It made me so proud.
What's he doing in there?
Maybe he told us to wait outside
so that he could finish what he started.
(SIGHS)
Thank you.
(ENGINE STARTS)
You like music?
She hates music.
I don't hate music.
You never listened to it.
That doesn't mean I hate it.
Then this is for you.
(DO YOU REALISE? PLAYING ON STEREO)
(SONG CONTINUES AS SCORE)
Do you realise
That you have the most
Beautiful face?
Do you realise
We're floating in space?
That happiness makes you cry?
Do you realise
That everyone you know
Someday will die?